THIS FILE IS ALL OF THE DIALOGUE FOR THE GAME
IT WILL BE COPY AND PASTE TEXT BLOCKS

GARDEN:

    Craig:

    "Hello. I assume you are the detective I called. We have a small problem
    and we need you to fix it. The wife of the owner was found dead in the
    ballroom. The party is still going on so we need you to be discrete.

    There are nine rooms we need you to look into to find who did this.
    We are not sure who did or when it happened but that is what you do right?

    There is a help file when you need to reference things (ADD KEYBIND HERE).
    You are able to make your guess at the end of the game.

    Should you need anything you the owner Scott should be around somehwere.
    He always needs to be doing something.
    His wife's name was Diane.

    Good luck and thank you."

BALLROOM:

    Stephanie:

    "Hello. I guess you are wondering why I am sitting here instead of working.
    It is a terrible things really. I think I watched the Diane get killed.
    I didn't see much and I don't think anyone else saw anything either because
    it happened behind that pillar. Look you can see her laying there still.
    I tired to help but I couldn't do anything. She was dead before I got
    to her. Look. There was no way to stop that much blood.
    
    What did I see? Not much. I saw someone arguing with her for a short time.
    I didn't get to see who it was. Then a short time later as I was coming
    back from the kitchen with more wine, I saw someone quickly walk past her
    where she is now and she fell. I have no idea who it was."

BEDROOM:

    Rose:

    "I can't believe what happened! I heard something going on in this room when
    I was walking by. When I opened the door I saw a vase go flying across the
    room and shatter! I heard a yell and a someone slammed a door. I am not
    sure where they went since this is the only door in and out of the room.
    When I walked into the room I found Scott laying there not moving! I wasn't
    sure what to do! I think someone killed Scott! I noticed the door to the
    armoire was open and the clothes were all over the place. I think there
    might be a secret door there."

STIARCASE:

    Brent:
    
    "Hi, I am doing alright. It was a rough night and night. I am not sure how
    things are going to workout from here but I am sure it will get better."

    While he is talking you notice a small badge on his lapel with a unique crest on it. It looks
    like a rearing lion over crossed swords.