ALL OF THE TEXT IN THIS FILE IS DESIGNED TO BE COPPIED AND PASTED INTO THE GAME
IT WILL BE BLOCKED INTO CHUCKS BASED ON THE ROOMS

GARDEN:

You drive up to the mansion. It is sitting on a cliff overlooking a lake.
It is a giant building with a lot of rooms and the windows are all lit.
There are vines growing all over the building, snaking their way up the walls.
It is early evening and the full moon is shining across the lake.
There is a slight breeze making it's way across the lake brining the sweet
smell of fresh flowers.
You enter exit you car and notice there are a lot of other cars parked in the
driveway. There must be a party going on inside even though you cannot hear
anything outside.

You enter the garden through a gate and you can smell the flowers and tress.
You can hear the fountain going in the middle of the garden and you can
hear the sound of fish swimming around in a small pond in the corner.

You are met next to the fountain by a security guard.

CRAIG FROM PEOPLE

You enter the front door and enter the ballroom.

BALLROOM:

You enter the ballroom. You are greeted with the sound of people dancing
and music filling the air. You can smell the alcohol in the air and everyone
seems to be having a good time and no one notices you enter the room.

You notice there is someone sitting alone across the dancefloor. They do not
look like any of the guests. It looks like they might be a waiter. They are
sitting on a chair at a table crying.

1.	Approach and ask what happened. You find out the woman laying on the ground
    was the wife of the owner of the estate.
    You find out just before Diane fell to the floor he was in an argument with
    someone but no body was able to hear what it was about.
    A few minutes later when everything seemed fine and figured walked quickly
    past Diane and disappeared into the crowd of dancers.
2.	Approach and comfort them.
    (MAYBE THIS FAILS IT SINCE IT TAKES TO LONG???)
3.	Leave them in peace and continue looking around.
    (THIS FAILS IT SINCE CRUTIAL INFO IS LOST)

LIBRARY:

You go through the door and you entered a library. It looks like it goes
unsused. There is a layer of dust everywhere. You see dustlest path leading
from the door of the library to another door on the right. There is a desk
sitting in fron of you with an open book sitting there. You also see footprints
coming from the bookcase. But, there are no footprints going to the bookcase.
Maybe there is something there?

    1. Follow the path an go to the next room.
    2. Leave

STUDY:

You enter the study only to find papers and books everywhere.
It is obvious someone was looking for something. You know finding
anything in this room is going to be difficult but there is a filing cabinet
nearby. 

    1. (PUZZLE TO OPEN IT). You have a look through the files inside and you
       notice there is a spot missing for a will. You look around the room
       and find the folder containing the will sitting on a desk, open, and
       empty.
    2. Give up and don't look.
    3. Leave

BEDROOM:

You enter the master bedroom and stop after you walked through the door.
There is a large four poster bed in the center of the room. The bed has been
used and the blankets and pillows are thrown all over the room. There are
pieces of a vase shattered on the floor. You aren't sure it was thrown or
dropped. It appears there is blood splatter on the wall on the other side of
the bed. You notice there is someone in the room.

(MIGHT NEED TO CHANGE UP THE OPTIONS TO ACCOUNT FOR THE SECRET DOOR)
    1. You walk up to the maid and talk to her.
    2. You leave the room.
    3. Give up.

SECRET PASSAGE:

You found your way into a secret passage. You wonder where it leads.
The passage goes straight from the door to the end where it turns right.

    1. You find a knife and it has a crest on it. The crest looks like 
       a rearing lion over crossed swords. This could only belong to one person. 
    2. Leave back through the door you came.
    3. Continue down the hall and exit through the door at the end.

STAIRCASE:

You found your way to the central hub. You notice a few things.
There are two doors. One door is at the top of the stairs and one at the
bottom. The door at the top of the stairs likely leads to the attic.
The door at the bottom of the stairs likely leads to the cellar. You can
smell the scent of old oak comming from downstairs. 
There is someone sitting on the stairs shaking. You notice he is wearing
expensive clothing. They look tailored.

1.	Go upstairs.
2.	Go downstairs.
3.	Talk to the stranger (NOTE: You need to talk to Brent here or else he
    leaves, and the true ending can’t be had)
  
ATTIC: (ADD TWO PUZZLES TO GET INTO THE CHEST AND A LOCKER?)

(BEFORE KEY)
You climbed the stairs to the attic door. You try to turn the doorknob,
but it doesn’t move. You notice a key is needed to get in. 
You go back down the stairs.
(AFTER KEY) You climbed the stairs and tried to turn to doorknob, but
it didn’t move. You remember you picked up a key and place it in the lock. 
The key opens the door. As you enter the room you notice a thick layer
of dust over everything. Nothing looks out of place. 
No one has been in this room in a very long time. 
It must be filled with lots of treasured memories long forgotten.

1.	You go over to a trunk and open it. You find a picture on top of
    everything else. In this picture there are three people. It looks like
    two brothers and a father in the middle. The boys were wearing school
    uniforms with name tags. The name tag on the older brother was Scott
    and the name tag on the younger brother was Brent.
2.	There is a piece of torn paper wedged into the frame of the picture. 
    It has 3 numbers written on it. 
    6-3- the last number it torn off, but it looks like it might 6 or 8. 
    (PUT THIS IN THE HELP SECTION AS IT IS FOUND OR FORCE THEM TO REMEMBER IT)

CELLAR: (NEED A PUZZLE TO FIND THE KEY)

You walk into the cellar. It feel cool but dry. You can smell the oak barrels
and see the caskets stacked against the walls. There is a large wooden chest
in the center of the room. It is locked. You also see a stack of papers sitting
on top of one of the caskets. When you look closer, you notice it is a will.
It looks like it was drafted some time ago. As you read through the pages you
notice the Scott was main beneficiary of most of the father’s estate. 

    1. Do the puzzle.
    2. Give up.
    3. Leave.