Arrival:

Garden:
We arrive at a mansion after receiving a call about someone being murdered. 
The air smells fresh from the flowers and fountain in the garden of the mansion. 
We are greeted by one of the security staff at the entrance and they fill us in on what they know.
-	The husband and wife were killed
-	We must find out who the killer is
-	We only get to pick once else we fail
(RETURN HERE TO MAKE YOUR GUESS)


Ballroom:
We enter the building straight into the ball room and we see a room full of people dancing. 
The music is modern, up-beat, and loud. 
It is possible no one saw anything happen even though he is laying there on the floor with a pool of blood slowly forming around her body. 
You notice there is someone sitting alone not far away. It looks like they are for the party. 
(OPTION) what do you do:

1.	Approach and ask what happened. You find out the man laying on the ground was the owner of the estate and his name is Scott. 
    You find out just before Scott fell to the floor he was in an argument with someone but no body was able to hear what it was about. 
    A few minutes later when everything seemed fine and figured walked quickly past Scott and disappeared into the crowd of dancers.
2.	Approach and comfort them. 
    (MAYBE THIS FAILS IT SINCE IT TAKES TO LONG???)
3.	Leave them in peace and continue looking around. 
    (THIS FAILS IT SINCE CRUTIAL INFO IS LOST)

You notice there are four doors around the room. 
One on each wall including the door you entered from. 
You know there are clues somewhere around the building. 
Where do you want to go?

1.	The door to the left (staircase)
2.	The door to the right (library)
3.	The door straight ahead (bedroom)
4.	The door you came through (garden)


Library:
You go through the door to the right and entered a library. 
The room is organized but dusty. You look around:

1.	You notice a desk with the dust cleared away and an open book laying there. (KEY???)
2.	There are faint yet discernible footprints left in the dust coming out from behind a bookcase.
3.	There is an open door to your right.


Study:
You enter the study only to find papers and book everywhere. 
It is obvious someone was looking for something. You know finding anything in this room is going to be nightmare but there might be something here…  
(NEED A PUZZLE HERE)

1.	Look around and see if there are any clues left behind.
a.	(MISSING PAPERS FROM OPEN FOLDER???)
2.	Leave knowing there is little to find here.


Bedroom:
You enter the bedroom and look around. 
You can there is a 4-poster bed with thick, luxurious blankets and pillows. 
The bed looks recently used with the blankets falling off the side and the pillows thrown around the room. 
There is an armoire sitting to your right with a door open. As you look down you see a body on the floor.  
As you look around you see someone sitting in the corner.

1.	Look at the body and notice there is a gash on their neck. You also notice it is a woman, 
    laying there partially clothes with a pool of blood that was still spreading slowly over the floor.
    a.	Check the body.
        i.	It is still warm leaving little time between when it happened and when you walked in the door.
    b.	Examine the bed.
        i.	The pillows are missing, and you find them laying around the room almost like they were being thrown at someone.
        ii.	The blanket is laying half off the bed but there are slice marks in it. Maybe this was being used as a shield of sorts.
2.	Look at the armoire since the door is partially open.
    a.	You notice there is an odd separation between the clothes hanging there and you can see there is a panel in the back. Upon further inspection you notice a code is needed to open what it locks
        i.	Enter a code (CODE NEEDED something simple like a 3-digit code limit number of inputs to lockout the passage)


Secret Passage:
You found your way into a secret passage. 
You wonder where it leads. 
The passage goes straight from the door to the end where it turns right. 
Go back through the armoire and continue the investigation.

1.	Follow the passage to see where it goes.
    a.	You turn the corner and look down. 
        You see there is a knife on the ground with blood on the blade. 
        You pick it up and notice there is a crest and bloody fingerprints. 
        The knife is large. 
        The crest looks like a rearing lion over crossed swords. 
        It looks like there would only be a few people are this party who could use it.
    b.	You continue through the passage only to find a closed door. 
        As you push through it you notice it was a secret door leading to the library. 
        There are footprints leading from the door through the library.


Staircase:
You found your way to a central hub. 
You notice a few things in this room. 
There are two doors. 
One up the stairs likely leading to an attic and another door at the bottom of the stairs probably leading to a cellar. 
There is someone sitting on the stairs shaking. 
You notice he is wearing expensive clothing, but something is missing. 

1.	Go upstairs.
2.	Go downstairs.
3.	Talk to the stranger (NOTE: You need to talk to Brent here or else he leaves, and the true ending can’t be had)
    a.	You ask for his name and find out it is Brent.
    b.	You ask if he is doing alright, and you are told that they are scared about the future. 
    You notice a small badge on his lapel with a unique crest on it. It looks like a rearing lion over crossed swords. 
    Interesting.
4.	You ask if there is anything you can do to help him, and he just shakes his head without saying anything.


Attic:
(BEFORE KEY) You climbed the stairs to the attic door. 
You try to turn the doorknob, but it doesn’t move. 
You notice a key is needed to get in. 
You go back down the stairs.
(AFTER KEY) You climbed the stairs and tried to turn to doorknob, but it didn’t move. 
You remember you picked up a key and place it in the lock. 
The key opens the door. 
As you enter the room you notice a thick layer of dust over everything. 
Nothing looks out of place. 
No one has been in this room in a very long time. 
It must be filled with lots of treasured memories long forgotten. 
1.	You go over to a trunk and open it. 
    You find a picture on top of everything else. 
    In this picture there are three people. 
    It looks like two brothers and a father in the middle. 
    The boys were wearing school uniforms with name tags. 
    The name tag on the older brother was Scott and the name tag on the younger brother was Brent. 
    Very interesting.
2.	There is a piece of torn paper wedged into the frame of the picture. 
    It has 3 numbers written on it. 
    6-3- the last number it torn off, but it looks like it might 6 or 8. (PUT THIS IN THE HELP SECTION AS IT IS FOUND OR FORCE THEM TO REMEMBER IT)


Cellar:
You walk into the cellar. 
There is no door, but it feels cool and damp. 
It smells like wood and something slowly rotting. 
You walk in and notice there are pieced of paper strewn over the top of one of the wine barrels. 
You approach and you notice on the top of the stack was what appears to be a will. 
It looks like it was drafted some time ago. 
As you read through the pages you notice the Scott was main beneficiary of most of the father’s estate. 
You wonder if this could be related to why you are there. 
You turn around to leave and notice there is a lock box on the ground with the lid open. 
1.	You approach the lockbox to see if there is anything left inside. 
    It is empty but there was a rust pattern on the bottom indicating there was key in there at some point. 
    Probably not to long ago. 
    The way it was laying there and forced used to open box makes you think the key could be somewhere in this room. 
        a.	You look under the barrels just in front of where the lockbox was laying and find nothing.
        b.	You look under the workbench nearby and find nothing.
        c.	You think the key is gone but something catches the corner of your eye as you turn to leave. 
            The key was sitting next the door and was barely visible against the floor (KEY FOR THE ATTIC)
2.	You leave (FAILLING SINCE THE WILL IS NEEDED FOR MOTIVE)


FOR INHERITANCE ENDING:
Need to find:
1.	the will in the cellar
2.	family picture in the attic
3.	talk to the witness in the ballroom
4.	talk to the man sitting on the stairs in the stairway
5.	find the knife in the secret passage

DETECTIVE FIRED
1.	nothing is found, no work done = no clues

FOR LOVE INTEREST ENDING:
1.	find the wife in the bedroom
2.	talk to the witness in the ballroom

